# fyp-java
A two-part Java program used to calculate the Thue-Morse autocorrelation coefficients (TMcor.java) and then assign colors to the resepctive values stored in a .csv file (TMart.java). 

Originally written by Dr. Darren Ong Chung Lee of Xiamen University Malaysia, and edited by Loh Jia Jun, a student of Xiamen University Malaysia, for the purpose of using it in their final year project.
## How this works
For the calculation of the autocorrelation coefficients, Dr. Darren found the formulae that connects all the values together, and implemented them in his code, which is present in [TMcor.java](/TMcor.java). After the values are calculated, they are stored into a .csv file. 

After that, the .csv file is read and each entry is checked for its value, or more precisely, the range of values that it falls under. If a value is checked to fall under a certain range, then a certain color is assigned to that particular value in the .csv file. Doing this for all entries in the square matrix and a pixel art is produced. Results generated by the student can be found in the [results](results/), and the code for this is also written by Dr. Darren which can be found in [TMart.java](/TMart.java).

## Changes made
Not much has been changed by the student apart from an additional block of code used to fetch values from [an API made by the student](https://github.com/LAyaJnamiJ/fyp-api), but it did not fulfill its ultimate goal so it's as good as not existing in the first place. 

Highlighting in given in the code as comments as to which parts of the code is whose.
### Problems
A main problem is that the POST method that is intended to write the results from the program into the API does not work, and it will need fixing were someone is to use the code for some purpose.

The program having relatively low efficiency is also a problem; calculating the autocorrelation coefficients for a 10 by 10 matrix would take less than a minute, but doing a 2000 by 2000 matrix took over an hour for the student.
## Using this project
There is no official release; just download the two files ([TMcor.java](/TMcor.java) and [TMart.java](/TMart.java)) and run them in an IDE of your choice that supports Java. 

To use the API-related functionalities, a dependency on the [JSON-Java package](https://github.com/stleary/JSON-java) is required.
## Credits
All original credits goes to [Dr. Darren Ong Chung Lee](https://www.drong.my/). 
